docs/prompts.md, before:

### Prompt 1

I'd like to make a website and would like you to help me.

The website will manage GitHub issues. Users will be able to enter issues through a form with an AI Assistant. Developers will be able to triage those issues and add a work breakdown, estimates. Developers will be able to close issues and alert users. 

I'd like to use the following tech stack:  

Architecture: Client Side with data via APIs
Language: TypeScript
Frontend Framework: Next.js v15 using App Router
State Management: Zustand
Design System: Tailwind CSS
Component Library: Shadcn/UI
API Data Fetching: React Query
Caching: Zustand
Runtime Type Checking: Zod
Error Handling Library: Sentry
Performance Monitoring: Sentry
Analytics: Google Analytics 4
Form Management: Zod + React Hook Form
Authentication: Auth.js
E2E Testing Framework: Playwright
Unit/integration testing: Jest + React Testing Library  
Code Quality: ESLint
Code Formatting: Prettier
Internationalisation: i18next
Formatting: formatjs

Please would you generate the initial code. 

### Prompt 2 

Let's add a standard gitignore file for the stack

### Prompt 3

Please add DS_store to the gitignore

### Prompt 4 

Let's Create the main issue management interface

### Prompt 5

how can i see the interface?

followed by variuous error fixes

### Prompt 6

Please would you Add some mock data so we can see actual issues instead of the loading state

### Prompt 7

Please add the issue details page so that we can see an issue on its own page

let's add a back button to return to the issues list

## # Prommpt 8

Let's add some styling. Let's make the issue list and issue details page look like github

Commit message:

feat(app): styling - prompt 8 [skip ci]

docs/prompts.md, after:

### Prompt 1

I'd like to make a website and would like you to help me.

The website will manage GitHub issues. Users will be able to enter issues through a form with an AI Assistant. Developers will be able to triage those issues and add a work breakdown, estimates. Developers will be able to close issues and alert users. 

I'd like to use the following tech stack:  

Architecture: Client Side with data via APIs
Language: TypeScript
Frontend Framework: Next.js v15 using App Router
State Management: Zustand
Design System: Tailwind CSS
Component Library: Shadcn/UI
API Data Fetching: React Query
Caching: Zustand
Runtime Type Checking: Zod
Error Handling Library: Sentry
Performance Monitoring: Sentry
Analytics: Google Analytics 4
Form Management: Zod + React Hook Form
Authentication: Auth.js
E2E Testing Framework: Playwright
Unit/integration testing: Jest + React Testing Library  
Code Quality: ESLint
Code Formatting: Prettier
Internationalisation: i18next
Formatting: formatjs

Please would you generate the initial code. 

### Prompt 2 

Let's add a standard gitignore file for the stack

### Prompt 3

Please add DS_store to the gitignore

### Prompt 4 

Let's Create the main issue management interface ⚠ Port 3000 is in use, trying 3001 instead.
 ⚠ Port 3001 is in use, trying 3002 instead.
 ⚠ Port 3002 is in use, trying 3003 instead.
 ⚠ Port 3003 is in use, trying 3004 instead.
 ⚠ Port 3004 is in use, trying 3005 instead.
 ⚠ Port 3005 is in use, trying 3006 instead.
 ⚠ Port 3006 is in use, trying 3007 instead.
 ⚠ Port 3007 is in use, trying 3008 instead.
 ⚠ Port 3008 is in use, trying 3009 instead.
 ⚠ Port 3009 is in use, trying 3010 instead.
<w> [webpack.cache.PackFileCacheStrategy] Restoring pack from /Users/macbookuser/Code/codeium-1/github-issue-manager/.next/cache/webpack/server-development.pack.gz failed: TypeError: Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'hasStartTime')


### Prompt 5

how can i see the interface?

followed by variuous error fixes

### Prompt 6

Please would you Add some mock data so we can see actual issues instead of the loading state

### Prompt 7

Please add the issue details page so that we can see an issue on its own page

let's add a back button to return to the issues list

## # Prommpt 8

Let's add some styling. Let's make the issue list and issue details page look like github

The styling has not shown in the app; please check

Error fix
